#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
altair==5.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ansi2html==1.8.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   jupyter-dash
anyio==4.0.0
    # via jupyter-server
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via ptpython
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
black==23.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==6.0.0
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   panel
bokeh==3.2.2
    # via
    #   holoviews
    #   panel
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   black
    #   flask
colorcet==3.0.1
    # via holoviews
comm==0.1.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.1.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   matplotlib
cycler==0.12.0
    # via matplotlib
dash==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-dash
dash-core-components==2.0.0
    # via dash
dash-html-components==2.0.0
    # via dash
dash-table==5.0.0
    # via dash
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipdb
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
executing==2.0.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.18.1
    # via nbformat
flask==2.2.5
    # via
    #   dash
    #   jupyter-dash
fonttools==4.43.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
holoviews[recommended]==1.17.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via visidata
ipdb==0.13.13
    # via -r requirements.in
ipykernel==6.25.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-dash
    #   jupyterlab
ipympl==0.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.16.1
    # via
    #   holoviews
    #   ipdb
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipympl
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-dash
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via ipympl
ipywidgets==8.1.1
    # via ipympl
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via flask
jedi==0.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ptpython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   bokeh
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.19.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   voila
jupyter-core==5.3.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   voila
jupyter-dash==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-events==0.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-code-formatter
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
    #   voila
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-code-formatter==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   voila
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
linkify-it-py==2.0.2
    # via panel
markdown==3.4.4
    # via panel
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   panel
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   holoviews
    #   ipympl
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.0
    # via panel
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
nbclient==0.7.4
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   voila
nbconvert==7.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   voila
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.8
    # via
    #   dash
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-dash
notebook==7.0.4
    # via
    #   holoviews
    #   rise
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   bokeh
    #   contourpy
    #   holoviews
    #   ipympl
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   seaborn
overrides==7.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   black
    #   bokeh
    #   holoviews
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-code-formatter
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
pandas==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   bokeh
    #   holoviews
    #   panel
    #   seaborn
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
panel==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   holoviews
param==1.13.0
    # via
    #   holoviews
    #   panel
    #   pyct
    #   pyviz-comms
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.11.2
    # via black
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   ipympl
    #   matplotlib
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
plotly==5.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dash
prometheus-client==0.17.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ptpython
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
ptpython==3.0.23
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyct==0.5.0
    # via colorcet
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   ptpython
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   visidata
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via pandas
pyviz-comms==3.0.0
    # via
    #   holoviews
    #   panel
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   jupyter-dash
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   panel
retrying==1.3.4
    # via
    #   dash
    #   jupyter-dash
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rise==5.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
rpds-py==0.10.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
seaborn==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via plotly
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via panel
traitlets==5.10.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipympl
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   voila
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.14
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   panel
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
uc-micro-py==1.0.2
    # via linkify-it-py
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.0.5
    # via requests
visidata==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
voila==0.5.4
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.8
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==11.0.3
    # via voila
werkzeug==2.2.3
    # via
    #   dash
    #   flask
widgetsnbextension==4.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
xyzservices==2023.7.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   panel
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
